good morning people i just have breakfast
the brits are now rolling in the
oven done
I was possible for that
I think they are done well I have
now cut me just get out
and honey one more done
Today we are going to be videos all day long
Turn it could help out now
We'll go showering right away
can start shooting
So because I wanted almost everything today
always make it so exciting that will work
unfortunately not so good
I hope we can today anyway
out somehow or so let's see yes
Otherwise , today nothing happens
special so lamia and his case
Again we also get videos
rotate
yes, I definitely want to do it myself
I suppose that all the time
I definitely want my
just make videos much better than
Otherwise, I really want to stop because
improve the video quality so to speak
because somehow I am immediately
dissatisfied my way through it
just a little full on my main channel
because I would like to upload it
upload a lot more videos but I am
simply with the quality and something not
satisfied and i want you a lot
improve
Chancellor as well as fed race
I have breakfast with faithful
katrin and
polycom range top first and then the
for later training or later
we will turn honest i know
not really said that
but that then affects spontaneously
turn out so I have it now
finished and I would say so
have to clean up my room
because the body has been around for a while
week all the time there actually
I have to clean up but clean up
because we will be in hamburg next week
It really is not worth going
to clean up
if I have to pack in anyway
So in two days to Hamburg because I
let's see how she is
I think so , but I know
somehow always reminds me full often
a human for me is somehow no
animal whatever case often makes her
is that meanwhile when I mean mine
bed made fresh then it works
always under my blanket and you stay
there and sometime or once it almost
that happens to me on it
I jumped because I have completely
forget that you are under a blanket
she sleeps has often been here and there
underneath
I'm really surprised how she air
but no idea she loves it
half full under my blanket to sleep
and when I'm almost on top of it
jumped but only pay out so
but nothing happened
good Morning
finished off then we already forgot
so I jumped in early
Turkey steak pasta and salad kept
best yes I think so completely
is healthy for the brand or page
very unhealthy for the stomach, it is is
your people it is now
already 15 30 and are now always
still on the cleaning and worrying there are
really a lot to do today
I believe that wants to train like that
will be out of the showcase tonight
look party and i mean now
We have already finished rappers
and other katrin two buddies straight
I wrote after the abi and me
I make my crêpes with cheese
I am I make the goal his voice
not to secondly mix shows
and came the early sale or
turn cozy sunday videos
we give not more to me we
will then just move it or
so on the other day because yes today
we still have a few things to do
and it is not enough anymore
That's why I'm going to be good now
finish the poster and then become dummy
now to us I have now removed
because I thought well now I will
now I will turn and yes
honestly , god and i have ourselves
also quarreled
that's why I'm not so in now
The mood no matter body too sometimes
one argues also and also
cold and I argue that's just
normal among siblings and lamy
will come now
We will not be here tonight
more great blogging because it does not matter
we count ourselves then we tell you
tomorrow what make is we liked
so with me in the cadre way so
we argue then we get along
actually relatively fast
this time it takes a bit longer
the i